---
title: "My first trying to create miningfull video for experiment"
date: "23.07.2025"
coverImage: "https://filedn.com/lPmOLyYLDG0bQGSveFAL3WB/blog/image_2024-12-01_11-08-14.png"
tags: ["creativity", "filming", "art", "inspiration"]
excerpt: "My first steps in trying to create some palyfull video and learn Davinci Resolve on the way"
---

# Creating video through Self-Discovery

Here is the video. I really don't like the audio because at that time I had no idea how to put everything together in a video, and as for having good audio—well, I didn't even think about that. I wanted the sound to have a dreamy echo, but all I got was the feeling that I'm reading the text in a bathroom. Honestly, zero disappointment—because with the knowledge I had when I made this video, I'm actually very satisfied with the result.

<div style="width: 100%; aspect-ratio: 16/9; margin: 2rem 0;">
  <iframe 
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/H-s-j1d7P2k" 
    title="YouTube video player" 
    frameborder="0" 
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" 
    allowfullscreen
    style="width: 100%; height: 100%; display: block; border: none;"
  ></iframe>
</div>

**text from video:**

Do you remember how childhood gave us the ability to find little suns in everything around us?
We played with cups, talked to dogs, and marvelled at the songs that came from the radio every day.
Our ordinary chores, like taking out the rubbish, turned into a game where we still found treasures along the way, because we knew that life is a miracle.
Everything around us—even the tiniest details—could bring joy.

Look around! The kitchen, cups, work... I know you carry pain.
I know you long for approval, recognition, and social stability. I hear you. I feel your worries, but I also share my light with you and invite you to look around again.
You are part of everything around you. Countless decisions have brought you here, to this moment. Are you here with me?

I invite you to pause in this moment—as one of your little bright sparks—and let your inner sun shine even brighter.
